+++
title = "2019-09-17 Board Meeting"
date = "2019-09-17T12:10:00-05:00"
minutes = true
+++

# I. Call to Order
Called to order at 12:12 by Jacob Walker

# II. Roll Call
- Board Members
  - Present
     - President - Jacob Walker
     - Vice President - Julia Winegeart
     - Treasurer - Casey Woolfolk
     - Director - Sandip Southekal
     - Director - Seth Etter
  - Absent
     - Secretary - Richard Sharp
- Guests
  - Jacob Hobbie
  - Edward Jacobs
  - Nic Wentling
  - George Shaw
  - Brian Pirot
  - Michael Dorian
  - Michael Campbell
  - Chris Lofland
  - Kevin Elledge
  - Tonya Riepe
  - Michael Neth
  - Jim Rice
  - Brian Foster
  - Jake Suellentrop

# III. Approval of Minutes
Prior meeting's minutes were not available at this time.

# IV. Financial Report

Skipping.

# V. Old Business

Skipping.

# VI. New Business

## Board Makeup

It has been over 1 year since this board was formed. Does everyone want to
continue on the board and in their current roles? Are there any new people that
would like to join the board?

Richard Sharp has resigned from the Board and his role as Secretary. At the
next meeting Jacob Walker will also resign from the board and his role as
President. A new vote for appointment to those roles will be had at the next
meeting.

Sandip Southekal indicated he may wish to resign at the end of the year.

- Motion: I move that Michael Dorian, Chris Lofland, Tonya Riepe, Kevin Ellege,
  Nic Wentling, George Shaw, Jacob Hobbie, and Michael Neth be appointed to the
  board effective immediately.
  - By: Jacob Walker
  - Second: Seth Etter
  - Result: Passes Unopposed

## Event Hiatus

Attendance at in-person events has been waning for quite some time. It is
demoralizing to ask speakers to present, organizers to run things, AV people to
record, and social people to promote then only have 3 people in attendance.

Jacob wants to propose a hiatus on all in-person events for October, November
and December with the exception of Code and Coffee. The intent is to give
organizers a break and possibly increase attendee demand by creating scarcity.
In the new year we could bring events back with a bang.

Study Hall specifically suffers from a lack of consistent volunteers to host.
If it is to come back after the hiatus it needs a specific champion to run it
and possibly to have a new vision.

- Michael Campbell has volunteered to run Study Hall.

- Resolution: No official motion or announcement will be made but we will
  notify the public about specific events not being held in Oct-Dec.

# VII. Comments/Announcements

# VIII. Public Participation

# IX. Set Meeting Dates

# X. Adjournment
Adjourned at 12:54.

<!--
- Motion: I move that
  - By:
  - Second:
  - Result: Passes unopposed
-->
