+++
title = "2019-06-06 Board Meeting"
date = "2019-06-06T19:15:00-05:00"
minutes = true
+++

# I. Call to Order
Called to order at 19:20.

# II. Roll Call
- Board Members
  - Present
     - President - Jacob Walker
     - Vice President - Julia Winegeart
     - Treasurer - Casey Woolfolk
     - Director - Sandip Southekal
     - Director - Seth Etter
  - Absent
     - Secretary - Richard Sharp
- Guests
  - Jacob Hobbie
  - Ed Mangimelli
  - George Shaw

# III. Approval of Minutes
- Motion: I move to accept the minutes from our prior meeting as presented.
  - By: Jacob Walker
  - Second: Casey Woolfolk
  - Result: Approved

# IV. Financial Report

Casey to provide a status update for the internal accounts.
  - TODO Casey will check on the old account being done. Once it has been 2 months with no activity.we will shut it down.

# V. Old Business

## Help Wanted Repo
- Issues are filed. https://github.com/devict/help-wanted
  - TODO Need to mention in slack and Twitter

### Status Updates for Events
- devICT Presents
- Code and Coffee
- Study Hall
- Game Dev Potluck
- Go Users Group
  - George shared a status update.
- Dev Lunch
  - Experimenting with a Lunch and Learn format.

# VI. New Business

## New Social Event
- Ed Mangimelli and Jacob Hobbie are volunteering to run something.
- Need to discuss naming and framing for the event. See "Nerd Beers".
  - Not going to have "Nerds" or a "Beery" name.
  - Name TBD
    - Social (Hour|Night)
    - dev.social()
    - Hangout
- Will devICT provide alcohol? Is it BYOB? If alcohol is involved what implications does that have?
  - devICT will not provide Alcohol or advertise that it's BYOB.
- What venue is best?
  - Probably just TLP.
- What timing or frequency are we thinking?
  - Going to shoot for monthly for a few months and see how it goes.

## GSuite
- What does this provide and should we be using it?
- Do all board members have emails?
  - TODO message Jacob what you want your email to be

## Jobs Board
- Jacob Hobbie will give a status report
- Jacob Walker is going to lead on it.

## National Day of Civic Hacking
- Jake Suellentrop shared a status in Slack.
> I'll send along my proposed agenda for NDoCH. The only thing I had was to ask for input from anyone that may have been before, looking for anything that either worked well it didn't work at all

## Newsletter
Seth Etter is going to start running this.

## Salary Data
Casey has been analyzing some salary data and working with a WSU student on this. He is intending to share his results soon.

## Study Hall
Needs more hosts.

# VII. Comments/Announcements
Julia mentioned that Women Who Code might be starting a new collobarative learning event soon.

# VIII. Public Participation
No new items.

# IX. Set Meeting Dates
- TBD

# X. Adjournment
Meeting ardjourned at 8:30.

<!--
- Motion: I move that
  - By:
  - Second:
  - Result: Passes unopposed
-->
